# OpenEdge Concepts

A complete OpenEdge system consists of **Master**, **Service**, **Volume** and system resources used. Note that the instances of the same service shares the storage volume bound to the service. Therefore, if an exclusive resource exists, such as listening to the same port, only one instance can be successfully started. More detailed content are as follows:

- **Master**: Master as the core of the OpenEdge system, it manages all storage volumes and services, has a built-in runtime engine system, and provides RESTful APIs and command lines.
   - **Engine**: Engine is responsible for the storage volume mapping of services, instance start and stop, daemon, etc. The docker container mode and the native process mode are currently supported, and the k3s container mode will be supported later;
   - **RESTful API**: The OpenEdge Master exposes a set of RESTful APIs. By default, Unix Domain Socket is used on Linux systems, and the fixed address is `/var/run/openedge.sock`. Other environments use TCP. The default address is `tcp://127.0.0.1:50050`;
   - **Command line**: OpenEdge supports command line publishing, startup, background service operation, and currently supports `start`, `version`, `help`, and `stop` commands.
- **Service**: Refers to a set of running programs that managed by OpenEdge to provide specific functions such as message routing services, function computing services, micro-services, etc.
   - **Agent service**: Provides cloud agent service for status reporting and application OTA;
   - **Hub service**: Provides an MQTT-based message routing service, support TCP, SSL (TCP + SSL), WS (Websocket) and WSS (Websocket + SSL) four access modes;
   - **Function service**: Provides the computing power based on the MQTT message mechanism, flexible, highly available, scalable, and responsive, and compatible Baidu CFC. **It is important to note that function service do not guarantee message order, unless only one function instance is started.** In addition, OpenEdge provides Python2.7 runtime based on function manager module, where users can handle messages by writing their own functions. It is very flexible to use for filtering, converting and forwarding messages. This module can be started separately as a GRPC service or as a function instance provider for the function manager module;
   - **Remote MQTT service**: Currently supports MQTT protocol, and can be used to synchronize messages with remote hub. In fact, it is two MQTT Server Bridge modules, which are used to subscribe to messages from one Server and forward them to the other.
- **Volume**: Refers to the directory used by the Service, can be a read-only directory, such as a directory for placing resources such as configuration, certificates, scripts, etc., or a writable directory to persist data, such as logs and database.